narrator: tour the analytics indexer surface — three endpoints.
narrator: bring the mesh and analytics indexer up together.
narrator: the indexer scans the audit-dir on a fixed cadence.
narrator: a Hub-free mesh writes no audit log; counters stay at zero.
narrator: bringup completes — the analytics surface is live.
narrator: /metrics returns Prometheus text counters for scraping.
narrator: /analytics/health surfaces last-scan and audit-dir state.
narrator: /analytics/series buckets session-open counts per minute.
narrator: the same surface for preauth_minted on a 1-minute bucket.
narrator: the node also exposes its own /metrics when Hub-mounted.
narrator: teardown — observability shape demonstrated end-to-end.